Shorting the board, this actually ends
up being one of the most damaging and
possibly irreversible situation that you
could have with your DragonBoard 410C.
Now, most cases, when you end up shorting
your board, it's usually because you ended
up either sending too much voltage through
it, or messing too much with the GPIOs,
or things that you might not have had too
much control over in the first place.
We wanna kind of go over that and
tell you different ways to
prevent that from happening.
>> So usually, a common case is
either having an abrupt shutdown or
putting in a higher voltage.
So, make sure when you shut down your
board, you do it the recommended way,
through the operating system.
Go shut down, log off, or whatever.
And then, when you're connecting it, make
sure you use the specified voltage and
amperage that the DragonBoard has.
So I believe it's five volt,
three amperes?
>> Well, so actually, we've talked about
it in other lessons, but this DC jack is
capable of handling a range of 6.5
volts all the way to 18 volts.
Yeah, and the amp bridge is 2 Amps or
2,000 mA.
So, I believe in the packages that
are available to you on the website.
You will have an option of choosing
the DC adapter that you would like.
And this is all gonna be depending on the
projects you're gonna be running because
the options you have on your expansion
header will give you those DC outputs to
create amplifiers and
all sorts of cool stuff that you'll end
up doing later on in these courses.
>> So, not how he said, 6.5 to 18.
>> Yeah.
>> Don't do anything above 18,
or else you will fry some stuff.
>> Yeah.
As well as the amperage
is also very important.
And as he mentioned, when you unplug this,
if you happen to be running
something important on the board,
if you just completely cut the power off,
maybe there was an operation
didn't get finish and
that could end up screwing
things up as well.